What is Python?
What is PEP 8?
What is a Python module?
What is a package in Python?
What is the difference between a list and a tuple in Python?
What is a dictionary in Python?
What is the difference between a dictionary and a list in Python?
What is a Python generator?
What is the difference between a function and a method in Python?
What is a lambda function in Python?
What is a decorator in Python?
What is a Python class?
What is inheritance in Python?
What is method overriding in Python?
What is a Python interface?
What is a metaclass in Python?
What is monkey patching in Python?
What is the difference between "is" and "==" in Python?
What is the difference between "append" and "extend" in Python?
What is the difference between "iter" and "next" in Python?
What is the difference between a deep copy and a shallow copy in Python?
What is the difference between a function and a coroutine in Python?
What is the GIL in Python?
What is the purpose of the "if name == 'main':" statement in Python?
What is the difference between a local variable and a global variable in Python?
What is a Python package manager?
What is a Python virtual environment?
What is the difference between pip and conda in Python?
What is the purpose of the "yield" keyword in Python?
What is the purpose of the "map" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "filter" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "reduce" function in Python?
What is the difference between "range" and "xrange" in Python?
What is the difference between "open" and "with open" in Python?
What is the purpose of the "init" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "repr" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "str" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "call" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "len" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "getitem" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "setitem" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "delitem" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "getattr" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "setattr" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "delattr" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "iter" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "next" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "enter" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "exit" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "super" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "self" keyword in Python?
What is the purpose of the "cls" keyword in Python?
What is the purpose of the "pass" keyword in Python?
What is the purpose of the "break" keyword in Python?
What is the purpose of the "continue" keyword in Python?
What is the purpose of the "assert" keyword in Python?
What is the purpose of the "try" and "except" statements in Python?
What is the purpose of the "finally" statement in Python?
What is the purpose of the "raise" keyword in Python?
What is the purpose of the "isinstance" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "type" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "id" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "enumerate" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "zip" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "sorted" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "reversed" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "all" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "any" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "sum" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "max" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "min" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "round" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "sorted" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "join" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "strip" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "replace" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "split" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "startswith" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "endswith" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "find" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "count" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "append" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "extend" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "insert" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "remove" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "pop" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "sort" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "reverse" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "format" method in Python?
What is the purpose of the "print" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "input" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "range" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "len" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "bool" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "int" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "float" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "str" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "list" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "dict" function in Python?
What is the purpose of the "set" function in Python?

https://leetcode.com/discuss/post/3323042/python-100-concepts-question-for-intervi-yaun/